feat(data-orchestrator): add logic tasks MTA-7022 (#6523)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/data-orchestrator/reference-content/logic-tasks.mdx

            with:
              id: "<Serverless_job2_ID>"
              region: "fr-par" 
            then: exit
        - task1default:
            call: "serverless_job"
            metadata:
              description: "The default job"
            with:
              id: "<Serverless_job3_ID>"
              region: "fr-par"
            then: exit  
      ```
      Replace the ID placeholders with the IDs of your Serverless Jobs. You can copy them from the [Serverless Jobs page](https://console.scaleway.com/serverless-jobs/) of the console.

  </TabsTab>
</Tabs>

## Properties

<Tabs>
  <TabsTab label="Basic workflow">
    **Workflow definition properties**

    | Property&nbsp;name |         Type         | Required |                         Description                          |
    | :----------------- | :------------------: | :------: | :----------------------------------------------------------- |
    | `dsl`              |        string        |   yes    | The version of the DSL used to define the workflow.          |
    | `namespace`        |        string        |   yes    | The namespace of the workflow.                               |

>     | `name`             |        string        |   yes    | The name of the workflow..                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `name`             |        string        |   yes    | The name of the workflow.                                    |
```

    | `version`          |        string        |   yes    | The [semantic version](https://semver.org/) of the workflow. |

>     | `title`            |        string        |    no    | The title of the workflow..                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `title`            |        string        |    no    | The title of the workflow.                                   |
```

>     | `summary`          |        string        |    no    | The Markdown summary of the workflow..                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `summary`          |        string        |    no    | The Markdown summary of the workflow.                        |
```

>     | `tags`             | map [string, string] |    no    | A key/value mapping of the tags of the workflow., if any.    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `tags`             | map [string, string] |    no    | A key/value mapping of the tags of the workflow, if any.     |
```

  </TabsTab>

  <TabsTab label="Fork">
    **Fork properties**
    
    | Property&nbsp;name |        Type        | Required |                                                                                                                                              Description                                                                                                                                               |
    | :-----------: | :----------------: | :------: | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
    |  `branches`   | map [string,&nbsp;task] |    no    | The tasks to perform concurrently                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

>     |   `compete`   |      boolean       |    no    | - If `false` (default value), the task returns an array that includes the outputs from each branch, preserving the order in which the branches are declared. <br/> - If `true`, only the jobs following the first competing job to succeed will be running afterwards. Other branches will be dropped. |

Reviewer 2: This sentence is not clear to me and is wordy. I suggest this: 
If false (default), returns an array of outputs from all branches, in declaration order.
If true, only the branches following the first branch to complete successfully will continue running. All other branches are cancelled.

Author: ```suggestion
    |   `compete`   |      boolean       |    no    | - If `false` (default), returns an array of outputs from all branches, in declaration order. <br/> - If `true`, only the branches following the first task to complete successfully will continue running. All other competing tasks are terminated whether they succeed or not.|
```

    
  </TabsTab>

  <TabsTab label="Switch">
    **Switch properties**
    
    | Property&nbsp;name | Type  | Required |                Description                 |
    | :----------------- | :---: | :------: | :----------------------------------------- |
    | `case`             | map [string, string]  |   yes    | A name/value map of the cases to switch on (see below). |

    **Switch case properties**

>     Define a switch case with a condition for matching and an associated action to execute upon match.

Reviewer 2: The sentence is not clear. Suggestion: A switch case defines a condition to evaluate and an action to execute when that condition is met.

>     Define a switch case with a condition for matching and an associated action to execute upon match.

Author: ```suggestion
A switch case defines a condition to evaluate and an action to execute when that condition is met.
```
